docs: add a basic layout for wait strategies in docs (#536)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/features/wait/exit.md

> # Exit Wait strategy
> 
> The exit wait strategy will check the container is not in the running state, being able to set the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Exit Wait strategy

The exit wait strategy will check that the container is not in the running state, and allows to set the following conditions:
```

> - the exit timeout, default is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the exit timeout in seconds, default is `0`.
```
?

> - the poll interval to be used, default is 100 milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the poll interval to be used in milliseconds, default is 100 milliseconds.
```
